hello everyone this is mr brain junkie
here and today
we're going to be talking about alice in
borderland episode 5.
so the episode starts with two very worn
down looking blue collar workers
having no choice but to join the game in
front of them because their visa expires
today
a mysterious man in hoodie approaches
them
wait a second that's actually arasu our
main protagonist
he sort of gave away his presence though
when he started talking in such a polite
way
i wonder why he even bothered to put on
the hoodie in the first place
but that's not the main point because he
is actually asking them about the
beaches
looks like he is doing what his friend
karube suggested in the beginning
of locating this mysterious place we
skip forward and realizes that arizu is
in fact working together with usagi
to locate the beach although with little
result as of right
now they had three days before their
visa expires and it looks like irasu
wants to find this place before that
happens
as he believes that somehow its
revelation will free them from this
terrible place
in my opinion that only shows his
naivete
and blind optimism and another thing why
isn't he joining her in the tent
does he not realize that this is a
golden opportunity for a little bonding
action
and plus he obviously never heard about
mosquitoes
until now anyways they followed more
people that joined games and realizes
that some of them in groups are wearing
bracelets that the yakuza from episode 2
was wearing
in fact they even have working cars
which they drove here with
before they drive away our su and the
sporty girl decided to chase them
barefooted
i mean who do you guys think you are
captain america and the winter soldier
beyond any logical reasoning they
actually managed to chase them all the
way to their destination
they saw this huge resort by the
waterfront with lights
and working electricity this must be the
beach
before they can celebrate though they
were attacked from behind and taken
hostage
no doubt by the inhabitants of this
place
when they regained their consciousness
they are put in chairs like james bond
from skyfall
and in front of them stood the scantily
cladded lady
with a psychotic smile another girl with
even longer legs walked by and demands
to know
what they're doing here it's clear that
arisu has died and went to heaven
but why is usagi there with him joking
aside though it's clear that these
people are very well kept
most likely they have figured out how to
survive
in this awful place at last the boss
shows up
and confirms that this is in fact the
beach
he even claims that there is a way to go
back home
which is the purpose of this place
according to him they must collect
all playing cards to be able to send
just one person back and so far
they haven't found any face cards yet
the boss lays out his ultimatum
which includes three rules first there
are no
secrets in the beach this means that
everyone have to wear swimsuits
as to not hide any weapons personally i
think that's just an excuse
for eye candies second all cards run
from games belong to the beach
and finally third all who played against
the beach
dies the two are then put into parties
and nightclubs which baffles them
as they were just struggling to survive
a few hours ago
well as for arizu something else
surprised them
in a good way as well but that's not the
main point
they try to fit in with little success
as two suspicious women stares at them
i'm pretty sure they will be important
in later episodes
eventually game time starts and all
rushes into the main lobby with the boss
giving them a pre-game speech
the vibe feels very similar to mad max
fury rhodes
as none of them except for our
protagonists seems to be concerned about
dying in the games
it is here that we also see mr
assassin's creed from earlier episodes
with another woman in blue bikinis
i guess it would only make sense that he
was part of the organization
in the first place we see that the beach
members strategically
go in groups and target different games
in the hopes of maximum return
but i have to say that the beach members
hold an inherent
advantage since they have both knowledge
and weapons which make the game much
easier but seriously though did i just
see the yakuza punch a tiger
to death back to arizu as he also
traveled with members of the beach to a
game that seems to be underground
oddly their phones this time is put in
waterproof cases
in iris's group we also see miss blue
bikini
and miss long legs oh and the guy with
the hat from the second episode which
nobody remembers is also here as well
anyways the long-legged lady apparently
wants to see how capable arizu is
and whether if he deserves a spot as one
of the executives
they arrive in this place with rising
water and a massive
electric generator on top of them
without saying anything
we already know that they must figure
out something before the water makes
contact with electricity
their game is the four of diamond which
means this requires
intelligence to solve their goal is to
turn on
a light bulb inside a room with a
closing door
and they are given three rules one
only one switch out of the three can
turn the light on
two they only have one chance to try one
switch
while the door is open when the door is
closed they can try as many switches
and as many times as they want three
when a person is inside the room the
door cannot be closed
and they only have one chance to answer
as a group for which is the correct
switch the lady with the long legs and
seems to have figured it out right away
however she does not tell the group
since this is supposed to be a test for
arizu
our protagonist eventually figures it
out and tells queena with the blue
bikini
to close the door he then flips the
a-switch
and waits so the light bulb has enough
time to warm up
if it was indeed the correct switch he
then opens the door
and uses his only chance to switch on b
if b
turns on then we have the correct answer
but since it didn't
it means it can only be a or c and he
can confirm a
by feeling its heat as it was turned on
when the door was closed
if the bulb is cold then the answer
would have to be c
but in this case it was hot so that
means a did in fact turn on the bulb
when the door was closed and therefore
is the correct answer
back to the beaches it turns out that
usagi also beat her game
and the two unofficial lovebirds
reunites again
kohina sees this and chose them by
saying that they should hook up which
i'm sure arizu secretly agrees
but just lacks the boss to admit it
however all this comedy is cut short
when mr yakuza shows up with his band of
thugs
apparently the beach has two fractions
the militians and the party people
which are always in conflict mr yakuza
walks over and wants the sporty girl to
give him a good time
surprisingly ibasu mans up and stops
them
although with little results i have to
give him props though for growing some
balls
fortunately the real boss shows up and
saves our main characters from this
havoc
he even makes the yakuza admit who is
the real boss
who do you think is your boss then
a goonie
this makes me question why the militians
haven't taken over yet
since they clearly have the weapons and
manpower to do so
maybe the inner politics are more
complicated than what it appears to be
the boss man then invites irisu for a
private dinner
accompanied by two very hot looking
girls all for himself
and none for our main character
unfortunately
however it is revealed that the boss
used to be a
pimp who ran male prostitution surprise
surprise
well that makes sense since i always had
a feeling that he was wearing eyeliners
for some reason
maybe mr yakuza was one of his old
customers
joking aside though he talked about how
his male
hoes all left him after one of them
committed suicide
and it is his dream to recreate a new
organization that supersedes
what he had before this makes me
question what his real motives are
and perhaps the beach is not what it
seems to be
anyways what did you guys think about
this episode let me
know in the comments below and if you
like my videos please press
like and subscribe for more i'll see you
guys next time
you